Name: Juma Maganti
Gender: Male
Species: Shark-Human
Age: 24
Bio: 	He was born in a very small town, everyone knew each other. He lived with his mother and father and his younger sister. He lived a normal life until he was 12. When he was 12 there was an attack on his town, a bunch of soldiers for an organization attacked. Most were killed, though most that appeared to be under the age of 18 were taken. They were taken to these large warehouse type buildings, they all were put into one that was their living and eating area. After that they were sorted between healthy and unhealthy, unhealthy were killed and healthy were used to be experimented on and also used for labor work. He wasn’t experimented on, only used for labor work. If he was “acted up” he would be brought to a room where they would be cut on their back, and this happened frequently to Juma. Some time after he turned 16, he decided to leave, he made a plan to sneak out and succeed. He then went on to find his power(see below).
	After Juma got his power he wandered to the nearest town and lived there for 4 years and trained and built up his strength. Then he found out where the nearest body of water was and decided it was time to live in the water. Once in the water he trained more but also studied his new color power. He studied color theory extensively. He also learned he can access the white world and is able to store things there.
Power: "All Light's Vision"; 
 Can alter the way light reflects off of objects(making an object appear a different color).
 Can also change brightness of the light in areas or just simply making an object all white and bright or making an object appear as a black void that is consuming all light.
 Can also alter the way the light looks for a singular person such as just making them color blind or making them only see certain colors in one eye and different colors in the other.
 Can make white light so bright it blinds a person.
 Can make themselves appear as the environment like how chameleons are depicted, so just camo.
 Can make light clones and creatures that appear to be there but it's just the way an object is similar to the optical illusion pits are just painted on the surface.
Pocket world that only he can access from an inverted stop he creates.
(All the objects in an area stay the same, they just appear to look different, kinda like if the objects were to be painted like the tunnels in Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner.)
How Got Power: 
	After escaping, Juma was walking through the forest and found an odd patch on the ground. It would change colors and sometimes just pause on an inverted version of the ground. Once he touched it, he was transported to a pocket world that was just an all white void. He felt he was stuck there for years. He learned he could make the "white" in the void turn into different colors, but it wouldn't go back. After some time, the entire white void was now filled with color and he couldn't do more. After trying and failing many times to make it white, he started to turn it black, pure black. Now, stuck in darkness and a pitch black void, Juma just stayed for months or even years. He didn't eat, or drink, he didn't even need to breathe, or even live, nor could he in this dimension. He learned that nothing he did changed anything about him. Juma eventually accepted this new immortal reality, and once he did everything went white, blinding white. Then he was back where he started, that boy that touched that weird discoloration on the forest ground.
Personality: Kind of an asshole, will mess with people just to mess with people. Doesn’t keep promises and sometimes will go out of his way to break a promise. Constantly lies. Will gaslight people after affecting their vision. 

Appearance: Long straight light gray hair. Pointed teeth and droopy green eyes. Parachute pants, usually in a turquoise or a fuschia. No shirt, but wears chains on his neck/shoulders. Brown sandals with orange straps that make a diamond shape.
Talents/Skills: Being mean, color theory. 
Strengths: He’s actually pretty physically pretty strong, and much stronger than the average person. He also doesn’t have much guilt or empathy for people.
Weaknesses: Blind people, little sisters/girls that remind him of his sister.
Dating: No one.

Extra: His favorite color is pink and he will frequently turn things pink because it throws people off.  He frequently goes up to mess with the nearby towns just by changing colors. The towns all know who he is and don’t even bother with him and just deal with him making all their stuff pink.