Name: Leonid Ōshiro (Leon for short)
Gender: Manly man
Species: Mountain Dwarf
Age: 303
Bio: A very old dwarf, he got bored of sitting in his father’s mountain castle (Called Castle Fortuna) and dwelling in the secluded wealth. He took a large sum of money from his ancestors’ hoards and set out, to find something more interesting. Upon entering his first city, he impulse bought tons of designer accessories and luxuries, leaving him near broke but iced out. He created a large organized crime group that sells arms, drugs, sponsors big events, he has casinos, he gambles incessantly, and he is just an all around baller in the city of Moshia.
Power:
He can summon an astral lottery machine that can come up with 60 different results. He activated this ability by crushing a die (He doesn’t have to, he just thinks it’s cool)
How Got Power: He gambled so much it manifested as a power
Personality: He’s a really rad guy, he loves to try new experiences, learn what the kids these days are doing, and impulse buy whenever he has enough cash to purchase expensive accessories. He gambles a ton and constantly works towards making profit to spend even more money.
Appearance: 4’11, he’s got triangle-shaped sunglasses, he’s got a black gangster had with leopard print band on it, he has acrylics occasionally, a purple cloak and a white suit, 13 rings (he managed to fit two on some fingers), with perfect pedicures on his toes, he also has snake boots, he has golden grills that say “roar” on the top four teeth in front and “loud” on the bottom ones. He has two chains, one silver, one gold, gold one has a medallion at the end with a Tiger’s eye gem in the middle of it. The silver one has a skull with amethysts for eyes. His gray hair is pulled back in a top knot at the back and his beard is tied at the end with a copper ring, reaching down to his sternum. His mafia symbol is a lion.
Talents/Skills: Crushing rocks with his teeth, gambling, drunk fighting, and medieval basketball, mostly immune to drugs he sells
Strengths: going all in, go big or go home, appraising gems and metals
Weaknesses: impulsive spender, tries to talk to younger people but has trouble learning their slang well, lightweight drinker
Dating: He’s too cool to be held downs